{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red170\green13\blue145;\red92\green38\blue153;\red28\green0\blue207;
\red46\green13\blue110;\red63\green110\blue116;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
1. Create scrollview and put your webView on this scrollView as subview\
2. Create UIView and put it under webView as subview of scrollView\
3. Create constraints for scroll view (top, leading, trailing, bottom) to subview\
4. Create constraints for webView (top, leading, trailing) to scrollView, and bottom constraint to UIView\
5. Create constraints for UIView (leading, trailing, bottom) to scrollView and top to webView\
6. Create height constraints for webView and UiView\
7. Create IBOutlets for height constraints of webView and UiView\
8. In delegate method of your webView you can calculate content height and change constraint for your webView \
\
\pard\tx529\pardeftab529\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs22 \cf0 \CocoaLigature0 - (\cf2 void\cf0 )webViewDidFinishLoad:(\cf3 UIWebView\cf0  *)webView \{\
    \
    \cf3 CGRect\cf0  frame = webView.\cf3 frame\cf0 ;\
    frame.\cf3 size\cf0 .\cf3 height\cf0  = \cf4 1\cf0 ;\
    webView.\cf3 frame\cf0  = frame;\
    \cf3 CGSize\cf0  fittingSize = [webView \cf5 sizeThatFits\cf0 :\cf3 CGSizeZero\cf0 ];\
    frame.\cf3 size\cf0  = fittingSize;\
    webView.\cf3 frame\cf0  = frame;\
    \
    \cf2 self\cf0 .\cf6 webViewHeightConstraint\cf0 .\cf3 constant\cf0  = fittingSize.\cf3 height\cf0 ;\
\}
\f0\fs24 \CocoaLigature1 \
\
9. Subscribe your controller to notification \

\f1\fs22 \CocoaLigature0  \
\cf3 NSNotificationCenter\cf0 * nc = [\cf3 NSNotificationCenter\cf0  \cf5 defaultCenter\cf0 ];\
 \
    [nc \cf5 addObserver\cf0 :\cf2 self\cf0 \
           \cf5 selector\cf0 :\cf2 @selector\cf0 (successfullyRetrievedObjects:)\
               \cf5 name\cf0 :\cf5 Constants\cf0 .\cf5 ContentHeightDidChaingedNotification\cf0 \
             \cf5 object\cf0 :\cf2 nil\cf0 ];\
\
10. Dynamiccally change height of UIView\
\
- (\cf2 void\cf0 ) successfullyRetrievedObjects:(\cf3 NSNotification\cf0 *) notification \{\
    \
    \cf2 self\cf0 .\cf6 vuukleHeightConstraint\cf0 .\cf3 constant\cf0  = [notification.\cf3 object\cf0  \cf5 floatValue\cf0 ];\
\}\
\
}